You can find something like this in the shoe industry.
How to dress warrior today. good.
When meeting my sister-in-law for the first time, of course I had to dress more authentically.
Not everyone in our family is like my brother.
Hello sister-in-law, my name is Xinxingchen.
Hello, there are many people at home, don’t be afraid.
That’s fine, it’ll be fine once it’s cooked. This is grandpa.
Hello grandpa. OK OK.
Ranran, come on, come and sit here.
Eat. Come quickly. That during packaging,
Lou Ruan, what kind of method is that?
So anxious to get married. You will like me.
Why are you so useless after the family is gone?
These are all returned cooperation documents
Brother, are you okay?
That phone call tells me
He never had a good life in that home.
Are you not even coming to the wedding?
Since I adopted someone
Just be nice to the little girl
You'll really feel better after that
You still have to say this?
Chen Ran Half a point
what do you like to eat
I remembered
I know what you want to eat
Your family is so enthusiastic
The villain was too deliberate before
This will also be your home from now on
let's go
It's time to leave
Grandpa, it’s late today